Refactor contracts directory and add ERC721GatedPaymaster with unit test (#2)
matter-labs/paymaster-examples: contracts/README.md

# Paymaster Examples 📁

Welcome to the world of Paymasters! 🎉

> This directory contains several example Smart Contracts and a utility. These Smart Contracts are purely illustrative, showcasing different ways that a Paymaster Smart Contract can be structured. ⚠️ They are **not** designed for production use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains several example Smart Contracts and a utility. These Smart Contracts are purely illustrative, showcasing different ways that a Paymaster Smart Contract can be structured. ⚠️ These contracts have **not been audited** and  are **not** designed for production use.  Please use these just as a reference.
```
